[Workers, Pages, R2] style guide fixes (#5508)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/limits.md

### Worker size

> A Worker can be up to 1 MB in size after compression. To increase any limits needed for your project, fill out the [Limit Increase Request Form](https://forms.gle/ukpeZVLWLnKeixDu7).

Author: ```suggestion
A Worker can be up to 1 MB in size after compression. To increase any limits needed for your project, complete [Limit Increase Request Form](https://forms.gle/ukpeZVLWLnKeixDu7).
```
